Added doc on how to test (#11)
icub-tech-iit/test-skin-patches: README.md

4. Open up the browser and connect to **`localhost:6080`** to get to the workspace desktop GUI.
5. Once done, from the container shell press **CTRL+D**.

## Instructions to test the skin
Connect the `ESD USB/CAN` interface to the host machine, then :
```sh
    $ sudo ip link set can0 type can bitrate 1000000

>     $ sudo ip link set up can0

Reviewer: Where are these instructions supposed to be run? In the host?
If so, better off saying that explicitly. 

If they need to be run in the containers instead, you don't need `sudo`.

Reviewer: Also, if they can be run from within the container as well, it'd be probably better doing so.

```
Inside the docker run :
```sh
    $ yarpserver

>     $ yarp run --server /icubsrv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ yarprun --server /icubsrv
```

better off using `yarprun` than `yarp run` so that we can do `killall yarprun`.

    $ yarprobotinterface --config <skin_part_.xml>
    $ yarpmanager
```
In the yarpmanager GUI :
- Select `Entities` -> `Applications` -> `SkinGui_All_V2`

> - Run `skinManager` , `skinManagerGui` and `iCubSkinGui` related to the part to be tested (in thi example `left_arm`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `skinManager` , `skinManagerGui` and `iCubSkinGui` related to the part to be tested (in this example `left_arm`)
```

> - Connect the port correspondig to the part to be testsed (in thi example `left_arm`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect the port corresponding to the part to be tested (in this example `left_arm`)
```

![test-skin](./assets/test-skin.png)

> Now touch the skin and you'll se the part touched highlighted in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Touch the skin and you'll see the corresponding patch highlighting in the GUI.
```
